collections.Favourites=Favourites
mod.auto.name=Auto
mod.auto.desc=Plays the chart for you.
mod.mirror.name=Mirror
mod.mirror.desc=Horizontally mirrors everything in the chart.
mod.nosv.name=No SV
mod.nosv.desc=Removes all scroll speed changes from the chart.
misc.Delete=⚠ Deleting %0 ... ⚠
notification.Deleted=%0 has been deleted.
notification.PackDownloading=Downloading Pack: %0
notification.PackInstalled=Installed Pack: %0
notification.SongDownloading=Downloading Song: %0
notification.SongInstalled=Installed Song: %0
notification.UpdateInstalled=Update Installed! (Relaunch the game)
notification.UpdateAvailable=Update Available!
options.name.AudioOffset=Audio Offset
options.name.AudioVolume=Audio Volume
options.name.BackgroundDim=Background Dim
options.name.ChangeTheme=Change Theme
options.name.ChooseTheme=Choose Themes
options.name.ColorStyle=Color Style
options.name.Debug=Debug
options.name.EditNoteskin=Edit Noteskin
options.name.EditTheme=Edit Theme
options.name.FrameLimiter=Frame Limit
options.name.Gameplay=Gameplay
options.name.GameplayBinds=Gameplay Binds
options.name.HitPosition=Hit Position
options.name.Hotkeys=Hotkeys
options.name.Keybinds=Keybinds
options.name.Keymode=Keymode
options.name.LifeSystems=Life Systems
options.name.NewTheme=New Theme
options.name.NoteColors=Note Colors
options.name.Noteskin=Noteskin
options.name.OpenThemeFolder=Open Themes Folder
options.name.Options=Options
options.name.Pacemaker=Pacemaker
options.name.ScoreSystems=Score Systems
options.name.ScreenCover=Screencover
options.name.ScreenCoverDown=Screencover (Down)
options.name.ScreenCoverFadeLength=Screencover Fade
options.name.ScreenCoverUp=Screencover (Up)
options.name.ScrollSpeed=Scroll Speed
options.name.System=System
options.name.Themes=Themes
options.name.Upscroll=Upscroll
options.name.WindowMode=Window Mode
options.select.Available=Available
options.select.Confirm=Confirm
options.select.Selected=Selected
options.name.PacemakerAccuracy=Accuracy
options.name.PacemakerLamp=Lamp
options.name.PacemakerType=Pacemaker Type
options.wselect.Edit=Edit
options.wselect.Duplicate=Duplicate
options.wselect.MakeMain=Make Main
options.wselect.Delete=Delete
options.wselect.EditItem=Editing
options.name.Judge=Judge
options.name.EnableRidiculous=Enable Ridiculous Judge
options.name.OverallDifficulty=Overall Difficulty
options.name.ScoreSystemType=Score System Type
options.name.RebuildCache=Rebuild Cache
options.name.DownloadUpdate=Download Update
scoreboard.NoLocalScores=No local scores
scoreboard.storage.Local=Local Scores